The club isn't the best place to find the lovers of the bar is where I go. Me and my friends sat at the table doing shots, tricking fast. And then we talk slow. When you come over and start up a conversation with just me. And trust me, I'll give it a chance. Now take my hands. Stop playing the man on the jukebox. And then we start to dance. And now singing like girl, you know I want your. Your love was handmade for somebody like me. Come and now follow my lead. I may be crazy, don't mind me. Say, boy, let's not talk too much. Grab on my waist and put that body on me. Coming now, follow my lead. Come, coming now, follow my lead. I'm in love with the shape of you. We push and pull like a magnet. Although my heart is falling too. I'm in love with your body. And last night you were in my room. Bed sheets smell like you every day discovering something brand new. I'm in love with your body. I'm in love with your body. Wow. I'm in love with your body. I'm in love with your body. I'm in love with the shape of it. When we can, we let the story begin. We're going out on our first date. So go all you can eat. Fill up your bag and I fill up your plate. We talk for hours and hours. About sweet and the sour. And how your family's doing. Okay. And even get in the taxi. Kissing the backseat. Tell the driver, make the radio play. And I'm singing like girl, you know I want your love. Your love was handmade for somebody like me. Come and now follow my lead. I may be crazy, don't mind me. Say, boy, let's not talk too much. Grab on my waist and put that body on me. Coming now, follow my lead. Come on coming now, follow my lead. I'm in love with the shape of you. We push and pull like a magnet. Although my heart is falling too. I'm in love with your body. Last night you were in my room now my bed sheets smell like you every day discovering something brand new. I'm in love with your body. I'm in love with your body. Wow. I'm in love with your body. I'm in love with the shape of you. Come on, be my baby. Come on, come on, be my baby. Come on, come on, be my baby come on, come on, be my baby. Come on, come on, be my baby. Come on, come on, be my baby. Come on, be my baby. Come on, be my baby. Come on I'm in love with the shape of you push and pull like a magnetic although my heart is falling too I'm in love with your body last night you were in my room now my bed sheets smell like you every day discovering something brand new I'm in love with your body come on, be my baby come on come on, baby I'm in love with your body come on come on, baby.